[datadog_integration_aws] Add extended resource collection field (#2365)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/integration_aws.md

- `excluded_regions` (Set of String) An array of AWS regions to exclude from metrics collection.
- `extended_resource_collection_enabled` (String) Whether Datadog collects additional attributes and configuration information about the resources in your AWS account. If `cspm_resource_collection` is enabled, this will be automatically enabled as well.
- `filter_tags` (List of String) Array of EC2 tags (in the form `key:value`) defines a filter that Datadog uses when collecting metrics from EC2. Wildcards, such as `?` (for single characters) and `*` (for multiple characters) can also be used. Only hosts that match one of the defined tags will be imported into Datadog. The rest will be ignored. Host matching a given tag can also be excluded by adding `!` before the tag. e.x. `env:production,instance-type:c1.*,!region:us-east-1`.
- `host_tags` (List of String) Array of tags (in the form `key:value`) to add to all hosts and metrics reporting through this integration.
- `metrics_collection_enabled` (String) Whether Datadog collects metrics for this AWS account.

> - `resource_collection_enabled` (String, Deprecated) Whether Datadog collects a standard set of resources from your AWS account. **Deprecated.** Deprecated in favor of 'extended_resource_collection_enabled'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `resource_collection_enabled` (String, Deprecated) Whether Datadog collects a standard set of resources from your AWS account. **Deprecated.** Deprecated in favor of `extended_resource_collection_enabled`.
```
